hey to is Dana coming to you today to
share with you my take on getting
started with the curly girl method for
low porosity here
it's not that difficult these are the
ingredients you're going to need you're
going to need ter essentials mud wash
okay i recommend a lavender garden or
left coast limit it's for Trinity I'm
going to leave a link in the description
box to the website that you can buy that
I believe its twenty dollars if you're
including shipping if you buy a bigger
bottle it's 29 I think and you're going
to need tresemme naturals radiant volume
get some right here I'm sure there's an
other stuff that you can use but I'm
just telling you what I think works for
me what works for me you're going to
need baking soda you're going to need
plain organic yogurt plain organic
yogurt and you're going to need liquid
amino acids i recommend the braggs brand
of liquid amino acids you can get it
from amazon com you can get it from on
the ground you can get it at the vitamin
shoppe I haven't seen it anyplace else
GNC used to carry it in my town it
doesn't anymore but it might in your
talents they may want to check so that's
what you're going to need so this is a
two day process okay the first day
you're going to clarify and that is what
the terror essentials is for for
clarifying so you can get all the
silicones and the whatever gum junk is
in your hair you can get that stuff out
of your hair I would not recommend
following that detox system that they
post on their website or that they
recommend you do I recommend that you
just went you're here really really good
with warm to borderline hot water
to open up your cuticles and take about
a palm full of it depending on the
length of your hair if you have a TWA a
palm full but it should be plenty palm
right there that's it and massage it
through your hair let it sit for like no
longer than a minute okay rinse it out
and when you rinse it out when it really
thoroughly and you're going to co wash
with your conditioner co washing is when
you wash your hair with conditioner and
you use it just like you're going to do
a shampoo you're going to put in your
hair wash it massage it like a new
shampoo and then you're going to rinse
it out when you get done with that
you're going to reapply your conditioner
while you're still in the shower and let
it sit while you go about the rest of
your business in the shower when you
finish the rest of your business in the
shower rinse the conditioner out go
about your day and let it air dry then
that's it for day one okay all right day
two and you do know you probably do this
one weekend unless you work on the
weekends in art during the week they too
you're going to do a cherry Lola
treatment I am going to leave a link in
the description box about the cherry
Lola treatment and it's going to tell
you exactly what you should be doing the
cherry Lola treatment consists of 16
ounces of yogurt plain organic whole fat
yogurt ok two tablespoons of baking soda
and that you act that excuse me and then
you add two tablespoons of liquid amino
acids now you're going to do the baking
so you're going to do the yogurt then
add the two tablespoons of baking soda
stir it up and it's going to get a
little bubbly you're going to add your
two tablespoons of liquid amino acids
after that stir it up and then you want
to let it just sit and make
r n8 for about 15-20 minutes after that
you're going to go in the bathroom
wherever you are and you're going to
apply it to your hair in sections when
you apply it in section so when you get
done and you do your hole here this gun
it should be dripping wet with that
cherry Lola treatment so it's really
messy so make sure you're somewhere and
you're wearing something that you don't
mind becoming messy you let it sit in
your hair for about 40 45 minutes then
you know you don't put a cap on it so
when drip all over the place then you're
going to go rinse it out after you rinse
that out you're going to co wash again
it stress may naturals and then you can
proceed to do your normal washing over
team that cherry Lola treatment is going
to open up your cuticles to allow or
lift your cuticles to allow for the
moisture to get in and that's it i'm
going to leave a link in the description
box to the washing go for low porosity
hair so that you know what to do going
forth with washing go for low porosity
here this first time you're not
following exactly that because you're
doing the cherry Lola treatment first
and you can skip you're going to skip
the pre poupart this first time because
you're doing the cherry low treatment
cherry Lola treatment so you're skipping
the pre poupart but from the other part
forward just follow the instructions in
my wash and go for low porosity here at
video and you should be fine I really
really hope this helps and if it does or
if it doesn't let me know about it in
the comments section and let me know if
it helps you thank you i hope this helps
thank you to my new subscribers and have
a great day bye bye